Q) The games and players windows don't display properly. They
   draw a graph instead of listing the games or users.

Read again the above paragraph about XGospel.res and the resources
*preferredPaneSize

Q) The Broadcast or Tell windows do not scroll properly

Read again the xgospel README file and in particular:

   All text  widgets in the  program will scroll automatically  as long as the
   caret is at  the end of all text  (and it will  keep it at  the end).

So click at the end of all text to get correct scrolling. Create empty
lines if necessary by scrolling the text with the scrollbar, then click
somewhere in the empty lines.

Q) I get full boards displayed in ASCII in the main window instead of
   a nice board window.

You have incorrectly typed "toggle verbose on" or "toggle client off".
Type "toggle client on" in the main window.

Q) I have too much netlag. How can I reduce the traffic with IGS to the
   strict minimum?

Set the resources *gamesTimeout and *whoTimeout to 0, and add the command
  toggle quiet on
in your file ~/.xgospelrc. You will then have to click expliclitly on
the Update button to refresh the games list or the players list.

Q) I get "Warning: Cannot convert string "#FFA54F" to type Pixel"

You do not have enough color cells available. If possible start X in
16 or 24 bit mode to avoid this. On Linux, use "startx -- -bpp 16". If
you have to stay in 8-bit mode, exit Netscape or other color-greedy
programs before starting xgospel. (You can also start netscape with
the -install option to force a private color map in netscape and thus
avoid eating colors in the shared color map.)

Q) I don't get xgospel compiled.

A) Xgospel is  certainly not one of  the easiest programs  to get compiled. In
fact, it's a  rather good  torture test of  your operating  system.  The first
thing to realize   is that  the old  xmkmf   method of  compiling  is  not the
preferred method anymore. It  just exists to give  you a second chance. Please
use the configure method. Look in the INSTALL file for more info on how to use
`configure'.
   If it still doesn't  compile, please send  the author a mail (address  near
the end  of the README file) with  at least operating  system name and version
and machine  type  (see the end  of  the  INSTALL  file  on how   to determine
them). Also send a  log of the make process  (see the `Which shell' section of
the INSTALL file if you don't know how to collect the output of a command in a
file). There is a good chance  that this is  enough information for the author
to help you solve your  problem and maybe allows  him to change the  configure
process so that the problem will never happen again.

Q) Will  the program work on X11R3 or X11R4 ?

A) No. R3 is  so different from the later  X11 releases that  it would be very
hard to  get xgospel to work there.  The problem with R4  is  mainly that some
widgets have  subtly different semantics.  Currently xgospel won't support R4,
but that is mainly because I don't have  access to any R4  system that has the
Athena widget set. So if you have such a system, and would like xgospel there,
you might consider giving me access for a day or something....

Q) How do I report bugs ?

A) Send a mail to the  author (address near the end  of the README file), with
all relevant information. At least give your operating system name and version
and machine  type   (see the  end  of  the  INSTALL file on   how to determine
them).   Give a good    description  of what  you   were  doing when the   bug
occurred. Even better, if the bug  is repeatable, give  a description of how to
make the bug happen.  A log of the communication with IGS might also be of use
(see the README file for the *debugFILE resource)

Q) Can I use xgospel over a modem ?

A) Yes you can. Have a look in the README file  for the notes about `term' and
'relay' (if possible  you definitely should prefer  term). Maybe  you can even
use `rport'. Notice that  term is a  general solution and  you can use  it for
other programs (and in particular, other IGS clients).

Q) Can I use xgospel through a gateway ?

A) Yes you can. Have a look in the README file for the notes about `rport' and
'relay' (if  possible you definitely should prefer  rport). Maybe you can even
use  term. Notice that  rport is a rather general  solution and you can use it
for other programs (and in particular, other IGS clients).

The rest of this file exists to make emacs (ispell) happy.

 LocalWords:  xgospel debugFILE LocalWords rport
